original-data/metadata/metadata_guide.md, before:

# Metadata Guide

## master_2s_deidentified (DO NOT TOUCH).csv

1. **Bibliographic citation for the original data file.** _NA_ This file was created from data obtained under IRB#???????? from the UW registrar and the instructor for the courses analyzed herein, and then collated by student number which was subsequently redacted.
1. **Digital object identifier (DOI) for the data file.** _DOI TBD_
1. **The date on which the author first downloaded, or obtained in some other way, the original data files.** _NEED TO ADD THIS_
1. **A written explanation of how an interested reader can obtain a copy of the original data file.** _Archive location TBD_
1. **Whatever additional information an independent researcher would need to understand and use the data in the original data file.** The particular information required can vary a great deal depending on the nature of the original data file in question, and deciding what additional information to provide therefore requires thoughtful consideration and judgment.In many cases, the relevant information is similar to what is found in a codebook or users' guide for a dataset: variable names and definitions, coding schemes and units of measurement, and details of the sampling method and weight variables.In some cases, it is also necessary to include information about the file structure (e.g., the delimiters used to separate variables, or, in rectangular files without delimiters, the columns in which the variables are stored).Any other unique or idiosyncratic aspects of the data that an independent user of the data would need to understand should be explained as well.
    - `qtr` (character): Academic quarter. Values: 
        - "A17": autumn quarter 2017
        - "A16": autumn quarter 2016
        - "A18": autumn quarter 2018
        - "20194": autumn quarter 2019. UW Registrar's office refers to autumn quarter as "4", since it is the fourth quarter that occurs in a calendar year.
    - `course` (character): course number and course section
        - "142AB": CHEM 142, course sections A and B. Instructor taught both A and B sections.
        - "142D": CHEM 142, course section D
        - _NA_
    - `course.fullid` (character): Unique course identifier, of the structure "CHEM_142_\<COURSE SECT>_\<YEAR>_4"
        - "CHEM_142_A_2017_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_B_2017_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_A_2016_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_B_2016_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_D_2018_4"
    - `TAsect` (character): two-letter code for TA-lead subsection of a course, containing up to 24 students. 
        - _values in 142A_: "AK" "AH" "AU" "AC" "AB" "AL" "AI" "AA" "AJ" "AW" "AP" "AQ" "AS" "AN" "AV" "AD" "AO" "AF" "AE" "AG" "AT" "AR" "AY" "AZ" "AM" "AX" 
        - _values in 142B_: "BF" "BM" "BH" "BZ" "BA" "BX" "BW" "BV" "BU" "BI" "BB" "BQ" "BJ" "BR" "BE" "BL" "BD" "BP" "BC" "BY" "BN" "BT" "BG" "BS" "BO" "BK" 
        - _values in 142D_: "DW" "DX" "DC" "DL" "DJ" "DR" "DT" "DH" "DB" "DE" "DM" "DN" "DF" "DK" "DG" "DU" "DA" "DO" "DQ" "DS" "DD" "DP" "DI" "DV" 
        - _don't know the course these values refer to_: "T"  "CR" "D" "Q"  "U" NA   "H"  "Z"  "A"  "B"
    - `exam1predict` (numeric):
    - `exam2predict` (numeric):
    - `finalexampredict` (numeric):
    - `exam1` (numeric):
    - `exam2` (numeric):
    - `finalexam` (numeric):
    - `instructorgrade` (numeric):
    - `exam` (character):
    - `ver` (character):
    - `num_items` (numeric):
    - `length_min` (numeric):
    - `min_per_ques` (numeric):
    - `item_num` (numeric):
    - `stud_ans` (character):
    - `exam_key` (character):
    - `corr` (numeric):
    - `bloom_rating` (numeric):
    - `complexity_rating_mean` (numeric):
    - `complexity_rating_median` (numeric):
    - `item_code` (character):
    - `stem` (character):
    - `mastered_topics_initial_kc` (numeric):
    - `time_initial_kc` (character):
    - `satmath` (numeric):
    - `satverbal` (numeric):
    - `high_sch_gpa` (numeric):
    - `cci_total_1` (numeric):
    - `cci_total_2` (numeric):
    - `project1` (character):
    - `experiment1` (character):
    - `eop.id` (character):
    - `sex.id` (character):
    - `fgn.id` (character):
    - `urm.id` (character):
    - `ethnicity` (character):
    - `group.id` (character):
    - `questionnum` (numeric):
    - `quiznum` (numeric):
    - `all.response` (character):
    - `first.response` (character):
    - `responsenum` (numeric):
    - `ind.response` (character):
    - `quizversion` (character):
    - `quiz_key` (character):

1. **Supplementary documents with additional metadata.** _NA currently_

Commit message:

Update metadata guide
* minor formatting updates
* add exam prediction details
* add exam score details

original-data/metadata/metadata_guide.md, after:

# Metadata Guide

## master_2s_deidentified (DO NOT TOUCH).csv

1. **Bibliographic citation for the original data file.** _NA_ This file was created from data obtained under _IRB#????????_ from the UW registrar and the instructor for the courses analyzed herein, and then collated by student number which was subsequently redacted.
1. **Digital object identifier (DOI) for the data file.** _DOI TBD_
1. **The date on which the author first downloaded, or obtained in some other way, the original data files.** _NEED TO ADD THIS_
1. **A written explanation of how an interested reader can obtain a copy of the original data file.** _Archive location TBD_
1. **Whatever additional information an independent researcher would need to understand and use the data in the original data file.** The particular information required can vary a great deal depending on the nature of the original data file in question, and deciding what additional information to provide therefore requires thoughtful consideration and judgment.In many cases, the relevant information is similar to what is found in a codebook or users' guide for a dataset: variable names and definitions, coding schemes and units of measurement, and details of the sampling method and weight variables.In some cases, it is also necessary to include information about the file structure (e.g., the delimiters used to separate variables, or, in rectangular files without delimiters, the columns in which the variables are stored).Any other unique or idiosyncratic aspects of the data that an independent user of the data would need to understand should be explained as well.
    - `qtr` (character): Academic quarter. Values: 
        - "A17": autumn quarter 2017
        - "A16": autumn quarter 2016
        - "A18": autumn quarter 2018
        - "20194": autumn quarter 2019. UW Registrar's office refers to autumn quarter as "4", since it is the fourth quarter that occurs in a calendar year.
    - `course` (character): course number and course section
        - "142AB": CHEM 142, course sections A and B. Instructor taught both A and B sections.
        - "142D": CHEM 142, course section D
        - _NA_
    - `course.fullid` (character): Unique course identifier, of the structure "CHEM_142_\<COURSE SECT>_\<YEAR>_4"
        - "CHEM_142_A_2017_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_B_2017_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_A_2016_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_B_2016_4" 
        - "CHEM_142_D_2018_4"
    - `TAsect` (character): two-letter code for TA-lead subsection of a course, containing up to 24 students. 
        - _values in 142A_: "AK" "AH" "AU" "AC" "AB" "AL" "AI" "AA" "AJ" "AW" "AP" "AQ" "AS" "AN" "AV" "AD" "AO" "AF" "AE" "AG" "AT" "AR" "AY" "AZ" "AM" "AX" 
        - _values in 142B_: "BF" "BM" "BH" "BZ" "BA" "BX" "BW" "BV" "BU" "BI" "BB" "BQ" "BJ" "BR" "BE" "BL" "BD" "BP" "BC" "BY" "BN" "BT" "BG" "BS" "BO" "BK" 
        - _values in 142D_: "DW" "DX" "DC" "DL" "DJ" "DR" "DT" "DH" "DB" "DE" "DM" "DN" "DF" "DK" "DG" "DU" "DA" "DO" "DQ" "DS" "DD" "DP" "DI" "DV" 
        - _don't know the course these values refer to_: "T"  "CR" "D" "Q"  "U" NA   "H"  "Z"  "A"  "B"
    - `exam1predict`, `exam2predict`, `finalexampredict` (all numeric; _intended_ range 0 to 100): Score that students predicted they would earn on the exam. This was asked as the last question on the exam, and was worth three points.These points were added to the straight exam score, so a midterm for example was worth 103 points (100 for 20 multiple-choice questions worth 5 pts/ea. + this single free-response question worth 3 pts). The exact wording of the question changed over the years included in the study, but the intention was always that students would predict an integer score between 0% and 100%, even on the final exam, which was scored out of 150 points. (**2021-03-31: NEED TO CHECK HOW WE HANDLED NON-INTEGER DATA SUCH AS LETTERS, THE SPEED OF LIGHT, ETC. CHECK THE DUNNING-KRUGER WORK...**)
            - actual range `exam1predict`: 0 to 100
            - actual range `exam2predict`: 0 to 880
            - actual range `finalexampredict`: 0 to 300
    - `exam1`, `exam2`, `finalexam` (all numeric): Student scores on exams. 
            - `exam1` (20 5-pt MC + 1 3-pt FR; range 10 to 103; max possible 103): 142 Exam 1 coverage: quantum mechanics, Lewis structures, VSEPR. 
            - `exam2` (20 5-pt MC + 1 3-pt FR; range 0 to 103, max possible 103): 142 Exam 2 coverage: stoichiometry, aqueous-phase reaction classes, molarity, differential rate laws
            - `finalexam` (35**?????** equally-weighted MC + 1 3-pt FR; range 0 to 154.29, max possible 155 **CHECK THIS VALUE. DOES THIS DEPEND ON THE YEAR??**): 142 Final Exam coverage: all prior material + gas laws, integrated rate laws, reaction mechanisms, collision theory
    - `instructorgrade` (numeric):
    - `exam` (character):
    - `ver` (character):
    - `num_items` (numeric):
    - `length_min` (numeric):
    - `min_per_ques` (numeric):
    - `item_num` (numeric):
    - `stud_ans` (character):
    - `exam_key` (character):
    - `corr` (numeric):
    - `bloom_rating` (numeric):
    - `complexity_rating_mean` (numeric):
    - `complexity_rating_median` (numeric):
    - `item_code` (character):
    - `stem` (character):
    - `mastered_topics_initial_kc` (numeric):
    - `time_initial_kc` (character):
    - `satmath` (numeric):
    - `satverbal` (numeric):
    - `high_sch_gpa` (numeric):
    - `cci_total_1` (numeric):
    - `cci_total_2` (numeric):
    - `project1` (character):
    - `experiment1` (character):
    - `eop.id` (character):
    - `sex.id` (character):
    - `fgn.id` (character):
    - `urm.id` (character):
    - `ethnicity` (character):
    - `group.id` (character):
    - `questionnum` (numeric):
    - `quiznum` (numeric):
    - `all.response` (character):
    - `first.response` (character):
    - `responsenum` (numeric):
    - `ind.response` (character):
    - `quizversion` (character):
    - `quiz_key` (character):

1. **Supplementary documents with additional metadata.** _NA currently_
